TSDK-170 Quivr Height Lock Spec (#16)
Topl/sdk-spec: docs/Modules/Quivr/Proposer.md

# Proposer 

Functions related to creating Propositions.

## Propose Height Lock

### Signature

> ` proposeHeight(min: uint64, max: uint64) => PropositionHeightLock `

Reviewer: I'm not sure what people will do this this. I see no harm in have a copy icon and a small benefit in having one. Consider that in Rust syntax, this would look like
```rust
  proposeHeight(min: u64, max: u64) -> PropositionHeightLock
```
It may not be useful verbatim, but some people may like it.

On the other hand if you see any reason not to do it, then don't worry about it.

# Proposer

This document describes the functions that the Quivr library within the SDK provides for creating Propositions. 

Various data types are used to describe the parameters and return types of the functions. These types are either the data types provided by [Protobuf](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3) or will be defined in a separate [protobuf specifications repo](https://github.com/Topl/protobuf-specs/) from which language specific denitions will be generated. To denote a specific type given by Protobuf's `oneof`, the data types in this specification will make use of the following syntax: `ParentType[ChildType]`. For example, `Parent[Child1]` denotes the type `Parent` whose oneof-value is of type `Child1` given the following Protobuf definition:

```
message Parent {
  oneof sealed_value {
    Child1 c1 = 1;
    Child2 c2 = 2;
    ...
  }
}
```

## Propose Height Range

### Signature

```

> proposeHeight(chain: string, min: uint64, max: uint64) => Proposition[PropositionContextualHeightLock]

Author: chain should be an array of bytes since the keys within a context is opinionless

```

* Parameters
  * `chain`  
  A label denoting the chain for which the height requirements will be tested against. This value must refer to a valid label in the evaluation context during verification. 
    * Type: string

>     * Required: true

Author: There is no specific value. The `chain` could refer to any "chain" structure with a height; Eon, Epoch, Blocks, etc. Quivr is not opinionated enough to have predefined acceptable chains; this is determined by the individual runner. 

Essentially this value could be anything. If it does not match a valid chain defined in the verification context, then the verification fails.

>     * Required: true

Reviewer: Since we are implementing specifically for Topl there should be a table showing what the valid chain values are for Topl.

  * `min`  
  The minimum allowable block height, inclusive. This value must satisfy the following range: 1 <= `min` <= 2<sup>63</sup>-1. Must be less than or equal to `max`.
    * Type: `uint64`
    * Required: true
  * `max`  
  The maximum allowable block height, inclusive. This value must satisfy the following range: 1 <= `min` <= 2<sup>63</sup>-1. Must be greater than or equal to `min`.
    * Type: `uint64`
    * Required: true
* Return  
The created Height Lock Proposition. A Height Lock Proposition specifies the minimum height that a blockchain must be, the maximum height that a blockchain must be, and a label denoting the chain for which these minimum and maximum values must be verified against. 
  * Type: `Proposition[PropositionContextualHeightLock]`

### Errors

The errors that the method/function will produce include:

* `min` or `max` parameters are not provided.

> * `min` or `max` is out of range. Acceptable values are 1 to 9223372036854775807 inclusive.

Reviewer: @DiademShoukralla Since James says that implementations will be specific to Topl, then
```suggestion
* `min` or `max` is out of range. Acceptable values will be determined by the chain value.
```
